hi I'm food I'm Keller and I'm Peter and
we're the co-founders of Ramona we're
building the first smartphone robot for
everyone by combining your smartphone
with robotic base we can build robots
that do awesome things for a fraction of
the cost
Roma's pretty amazing it smiles at you
he's happy to see you it seems like it
has a personality of its own using Romo
is really easy you simply download our
app plug your phone into the robotic
face and watch and come to life you can
then control them from any eye device or
your mouth
he's a pet a toy a robotic avatar a
powerful educational tool and a blank
slave for advanced robotic programming
he's a robot that's fun easy to use you
can't help falling in love with him he's
so pretty look at this little face look
look at that face he's a cute friendly
cuddly bye pretty emotional personal
robots are one of the great unfulfilled
promises of science fiction because
today they're either plastic toys or
million-dollar techno pieces that's why
a tree motive we're trying to create the
world's first affordable personal robots
we lost sure at first Kickstarter in
October last year your pledges from our
original Kickstarter helped us create
this company since then we've built an
amazing team of nerds and a powerful new
robot well we were proud of our first
robots this next generation Romo is 10
times better
Hugh's circuit board new software new
hardware he's faster more durable and
works great with your iPhone and iPod
Touch he has a new mechanism that gives
him sixty degrees of tilt and we think
you'll love is all new design you can
use any iOS device including the new
iPhone 5 to control Romo but use your
previous generation iPhone or iPod Touch
to these brains we're working on a ton
of really cool features like autonomous
navigation so the Romo can get around
the house by himself without bumping
into things face recognition so that
Romo can have a different relationship
with each person in the house and
graphical programming so people with no
technical background can create their
own custom behaviors and personalities
for the robot and share them with their
friends and that stuff that nobody has
put into a $150 robot even cooler we're
building an API around each of those
functionalities so that any developer
out there and create their own custom
apps and publish them to all of our
users we are so excited to bring this
robot to you before anyone else
Oh